William Henry's favorite motto is, "Own the Dome."
This double entendre refers, not only to his work
regarding the symbolism hidden in plain sight
in the nation's Capitol, as popularized
in Dan Brown's new book, but also to our own heads.
He says we must own our minds and learn to master
our master glands, which open us up
to our greatest wisdom and deepest memories.
He says we need to seek out those who can show us the way,
including the ancients.
(gentle electronic music)
Our curiosity in this time
with the symbolism in Egyptian artifacts
is going beyond just a curiosity now.
There's a reason for all of this,
and as you said at the beginning of your talk,
that the object to the ancient ones, the pharaohs and such,
were to find their way back to a status
of being pure light in the form of a star.
Right.
This going back into pure light is taking place
in many, many different interpretations now.
The Egyptians didn't do anything by accident.
Everything, every depiction, every glyph was for purpose.
Right.
You really have done a wonderful job
of deciphering and opening new questions in this.
Thank you.
Let's just start the conversation
where you were earlier this morning,
in looking at the pyramids themselves
and what you believe the pyramids served,
functionally speaking.
Well, I'm of the school of thought, I guess,
that was opened up mostly by Robert Bauval
and Graham Hancock, that the pyramids themselves
are resurrection machines.
Not to step on Christianity's toes,
but let's just kind of think about this.
You've got a person that goes into a cave
for three days and emerges as a light being.
What if the cave is the great pyramid?
Let's put it this way, why couldn't that cave
be the great pyramid?
It doesn't make sense that they would be
accessing this technology.
That's kind of one of the great cover-ups of all time,
is that traditional Christianity usually
traces its roots to Palestine, but actually,
it's traced to Egypt.
Yes.
When you trace it to Egypt, you are absolutely
confronted that, wait a minute, when you look at
the three pyramids of Giza from the top down,
not only, as Bauval says, do they resemble
the three belt stars of Orion, which is controversial
in some people's minds, but they also
look like three crosses sitting there.
Isn't that the configuration of the crucifixion,
three crosses?
What if we're actually locating this event at Giza,
and suggesting that the pyramid was known
at the time of Jesus and Mary Magdalene,
and those other esoteric researchers,
which is what they were, that the pyramid itself
was the cave of transformation,
that it's the resurrection machine.
If they could master that, then you could
beam yourself to other star systems as a light being.
That makes a lot more sense to me
than anything else I've looked at.
You keep coming up with the word portal.
Portal comes up repeatedly, whether it is in Egyptology,
or whether it's in Christianity, in terms of
the artistic depictions of the Christ standing in front of
these concentric circles or a portal
going into some experience.
Yeah, going into some other realm, exactly.
When I look at like the transfiguration of images,
transfiguration images of Jesus you're mentioning,
he's got his bright white clothing on,
symbolic of the light body, with the open gate behind him,
usually composed of concentric rings.
Sometimes his body has actually a star around it.
He's become a star being, and this is pure
Egyptian metaphysics, I call stargate metaphysics,
because that's what it's ultimately about.
The Egyptians believed that we had a divine essence
within us that could become a star
and live for eternity as a star being,
sailing on these ships of eternity, as they called them,
the ark of the millions of years,
or the bark of the millions of years,
that is U-shaped just exactly like
the way modern science portrays the wormhole.
If we look at it from that perspective,
it's saying they're transfiguring or transforming themselves
preparatory to entering that gate
and traveling upon the wormholes
that science says permeates the universe.
If we look at it from a very simplistic
point of view, many people believe,
"Okay, you leave your body and you return to light,"
you return to some other field.
It's something as simple as this on one hand,
but on another, we're talking about, in Egyptian times,
what appears to be conscious, while in physical form,
transiting between worlds.
Right, exactly.
It seems that the symbolism
that is attendant with it, such as the ankh, for example,
seem to have been tools for the ones
who had knowledge to take their bodies
from one dimension to another, and back safely again.
Now, this has huge implications for us today.
I believe so too, because you have the ankh,
or the key of life, is one of the key symbols,
which is actually a branch that grew on the tree of life,
which is a whole other topic.
Then they often are shown, especially those that are
riding upon these arks of the millions of years,
the wormholes, they hold the was scepter,
which some believe, like Schwaller de Lubicz believes,
is a conductor of some kind of a cosmic sap.
What if the sap is a subatomic particle
that keeps the mouth of the wormhole open?
That's the complaint that physicists have is that,
well, as you approach the mouth of that wormhole,
it's going to close before you can go through it
unless, as Kip Thorne came up with this concept,
you could have this exotic matter, as he called it,
that held open the throat of that wormhole.
That would be some kind of exotic subatomic particle,
perhaps, that we haven't discovered yet,
but maybe the Egyptians knew about it
and that's why they're shown with this conductor,
and they talk about this sap that keeps open
the mouth or throat of this wormhole
long enough for you to pass through it.
Here we're really having an overlay
of modern-day astrophysics with very ancient wisdoms
that have been chronicled, and actually,
it seems to me even twisted and made into pretzels
to go into some of the more esoteric cult practices,
and rituals and so forth.
Right.
Which is a very watered down version.
Totally.
It seems almost as though
the understanding of the original intent
of what the Egyptians were doing
has been completely lost in favor of just plain ritual,
Oh, I agree.
Days of boys rituals.
Right, exactly.
To join the social club.
If we go back, what appears to be primitive art
because of its kind of flat, one-dimensional nature,
the way things are portrayed, in reality isn't.
Let's talk about this, as you say,
the ship of a million --
Millions of years.
The ship of millions of years and the wormhole.
In words, diagram what you see there
and what is there for all to see,
as overlaid with modern-day astrophysics and wormholes.
Right, so the idea is like when you're in
Temple of Dendera, you go up and you look on the ceiling.
They call it the astrological ceiling, and it shows
these various gods, deities,
riding on the ships of eternity, sailing into the stars.
These ships, again, are drawn by the ancient Egyptians
3500 years ago with the same symbolism
that modern science, suddenly within the past 25 years,
has adopted to represent the ultimate time travel concept,
travel through a wormhole.
I don't think that that's by accident.
I think what we're doing is rediscovering
the original sacred science of the Egyptians.
I furthermore think that if we can interpret
that symbolism, we must be a whole lot closer
to being able to actually do what that symbolism suggests,
travel through the stars through these wormholes,
than a lot of modern sciences would actually allow.
They think we're a million years away
from being able to do that.
I think that's ridiculous.
I think that's absurd.
Let's look at the practical implications of it,
because when you're talking about this in myth and lore,
you might be talking about the story of Osiris, for example.
Moving that concept forward into teleportation,
let's talk about the link right there,
which I found it was really an epiphany for me
for a personal reason when you talked about that.
Let's talk about Osiris.
Right, well, when we're talking about Osiris,
traditionally we're talking about a man,
the companion of Isis, the Egyptian savior figure
who is tricked by his brother, Set,
into putting himself into this coffin.
When he does that, he is cut into pieces, 14 of them.
Then Isis goes along and collects all the pieces,
and the reassembles him.
Well that, to me, sounds like something out of Star Trek,
when they stand on the teleporter,
then their body is disassembled
and then it's reassembled at another location.
That got me thinking, "Well, I wonder if that's
"what's being portrayed here?"
That's the traditional Osiris story.
Then you also, when you go to Abydos,
which is Egypt's oldest sacred site,
a place of continuous pilgrimage for over 3,000 years
and known as the gate of the underworld,
you see another representation of Osiris.
This time he's not portrayed as a man,
he's portrayed as, what I figure, is a device.
I use that word device intentionally,
because a device is a instrument,
it's a tool, it's a technology,
but it's also a symbol.
In this case, the symbol of Osiris is what appears to be
an antenna parked on top of a box
that greatly resembles the biblical ark of the covenant.
Okay?
I'm thinking, "Okay, so Osiris isn't a man.
"He's an instrument. He's a device.
"What's going on here?"
The analogy I make is to that of Les Paul,
the famous guitarist who just recently passed.
Les Paul is a man, but if you ask a guitar player,
and I'm a guitar player, a Les Paul is an instrument.
It's a device that makes music.
Or if you ask some, he's a god.
(laughing)
Touche, right.
You see how that could come along.
There might have been a guy Osiris,
but he also operated, or was known,
as an instrument as well.
What does this instrument do?
Ask the Egyptians.
The Osiris device was a tower.
It was the ladder or stairway to heaven.
In fact, there are researchers like David Roll
who think that Abydos itself was the Osiris tower,
could well be the original Tower of Babel, the ladder,
tower, or stairway that reached into the heavens.
Well, at Abydos in particular, you see on one wall
the Osiris device, then on the opposite wall,
you see another representation of it,
but in this one, it's different.
What is shows now is that same pillar, same platform,
but now here's that U-shaped wormhole boat,
the ark of the millions of years.
Same pillar attached to it, but now you see
the Pharaoh Sety has actually become that pillar.
He has become Osiris.
In the lore, Sety is an eternal being now.
He is a light being.
He went through a process of transformation
and now can toggle back and forth between the worlds.
There's a very famous story, a book,
called, "The Search For Omm Sety,"
that tells this story of how Sety became
one of these transfigured beings and is able then
to toggle back and forth between the worlds.
When I look at that story and look at the device
that shows Sety in this process of dematerialization --
That's what it struck me as
when I looked at that head that you were speaking of.
I looked at the blue area underneath.
Those look like pixels.
They look like pixels, yeah.
Like something that has broken up
or just recombined.
Exactly, exactly.
It's like, thousands of pieces in my own head
started flying together when you were
showing this this morning.
It was the way you put together the imagery,
along with your own understanding of it,
started creating whole new possibilities here.
Yeah, and what I'm doing is just kind of taking
the Egyptian story at face value,
and applying it to what they say happened to Sety.
He now lives in the dimension of the blessed,
as they call it, the field of eternity,
but he can toggle back and forth between the worlds.
Well, that sounds familiar.
Doesn't Jesus have that same capability?
Certainly.
And, "Anything I can do, you can do and more."
Exactly.
The difference between Sety and his story,
and the story of Jesus, is that Sety actually
left depictions on the wall, or his son, Ramses II,
is probably the one who actually made the depictions
showing what happened to his father.
This is how he did it and here it is.
It looks to me like it's a teleportation device.
That's the premise I operate on,
and on my tours, I've had physicists go along with me
and they don't argue.
"We see exactly what you're saying there,"
that the Osiris tower is probably a particle accelerator
that opens the wormhole, and then what you see
on the opposite wall with the boat attached
and Sety being dematerialized is he's going,
he's being transformed or transfigured
preparatory to going through the wormhole.
Now, what about these big light tubes
that you find, those rays?
Yeah, aren't those fascinating?
They're famous.
They're at Dendera, in the crypt at Dendera.
Dendera is known as the house of bread.
It was brand new at the time of Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
Brand new, and curiously, Mary Magdalene's a perfumer
and Dendera's a perfumery.
You're thinking, okay, maybe these guys
really were in Egypt as the Egyptian tradition
suggests would have been there.
The Dendera temple is built on a much older site,
and this is why you have these lotus tubes,
or light bulbs, as some people think,
in the crypt of this temple.
Of course, going back to Erich von Däniken and others
that said, "Yeah, here's an ancient Egyptian example of --
"They definitely had electricity.
"These are cathode ray tubes.
"This is showing us that they had
"this advanced technology."
What I saw that no one else has recorded,
or documented anyway, is that when you look at the beings
who were operating these tubes,
they have a second body attached to them.
I had never seen that or noticed it
in any of the hieroglyphics until you pointed that out.
Everybody focuses on the tubes,
the gee whiz factor, "Look, they've got cathode ray tubes.
"Those are plasma tubes.
"Those are Crookes tubes," you know,
William Crookes invented something like that.
This is where we get the cathode ray technology.
Our TV and computer screens were originally
the cathode ray technology.
Here we're saying they had electricity,
and what I'm saying is, well, with the Crookes tube,
when you follow that, this is how we discovered plasma,
which is kind of like the most abundant
substance in the universe.
Here are these beings that have this second body
attached to their skin, about an inch from their skin
perfectly outlining or shadowing their bodies.
I'm wondering if those --
Like a duplicate of themselves.
As I've said in my presentation,
this is either the one and only time the Egyptians
made a huge mistake --
I don't think so.
Don't think so, or their trying to tell us something here.
I think what they're trying to tell us is that
these are plasma tubes and these are plasma beings
that are operating these tubes,
or that originally brought this technology here.
Is there a crossover between this
and what we were just talking about a little bit ago
when you were talking about moving between dimensions,
as it were, to materialize, dematerialize,
and re-materialize safely.
Wouldn't a plasma state be part of this?
Absolutely, and the connection here, the tie-in
is that when you look at the hieroglyph
for the head of Osiris at Abydos,
you have the two Tet pillars on either side,
and those plasma tubes are held up by the Tet pillars,
which are power pillars.
They're essentially a stick with four cross bars
attached to it.
In the hieroglyph, you have the Tet pillars,
and in between the two of them is this
kind of phone booth looking hieroglyph --
(laughs) That's funny.
We'll go into that.
It's actually the Egyptian hieroglyph for sanctuary,
or sacred space, and then right beside it
is the head of Osiris.
Now, the head of Osiris isn't the face of a man.
The head of Osiris looks like sort of a stick
with a mushroom cap on it, with a serpent levitating in it.
This is a kit.
When you take the pillar with the serpent levitating
and put it on top of the phone booth glyph,
it forms the complete Osiris device.
The box with the antenna, or perhaps particle accelerator,
attached to it.
That's Osiris.
So, Osiris is an actual technology,
a technological device is what you're saying.
Yes, it's a device.
It's a tool.
It's a technology.
It's also a symbol.
The idea is that if you can decode this symbol,
the geographical aspect of it in Egypt,
the astronomical aspect of it, the anatomical,
they interpret these symbols on six or seven
different levels, then you become Osiris.
Now you are capable of actually utilizing this technology.
I think today, from our technological perspective,
we can look at that and say, "Okay, this is a device.
"This is something that we're building today."
We're building these accelerators.
But the only way we see it is in terms of
Hollywood depictions, black ops projects in the military,
very aggressive hard technology applications.
Exactly, I know.
You're saying that's not what's going on.
It drives me crazy.
My intuition, before I even went to Egypt
and looked at that, and said, "You know what's interesting?"
At the time, this goes back to the days
with overhead projectors.
Maybe we need to go back to those days, I don't know,
but we used to have those, what is it?
They weren't acetate, what were they?
The transparencies.
It just happened, sheer luck, sheer coincidence.
I had this image of a meditating Buddha.
He's sitting in a lotus position, and then suddenly
my Osiris pill transparency slid on top of that.
I was like, "Wait a minute,
"the meditating Buddha and the Osiris pillar,
"they match perfectly.
"What if the pillar is our body?
"What if it corresponds with our chakras?"
Now, John West says the Egyptians
had no concept of chakras, so you can't talk about
chakras in ancient Egypt, but I'm not sure about that.
We don't know that.
Just because we don't see those direct depictions
doesn't mean that there was no knowledge of it.
They may be being depicted in another way entirely
that we haven't yet recognized as well.
Right, so I went off on my happy trail, saying,
"Well, okay, we can't find the ark of the covenant.
"Why not?"
Well, maybe the reason why is because
we're sitting on it all the time.
What if the arc of the covenant is our first three chakras,
and this pillar that's attached to it at Abydos,
which they called the shuti pillar, by the way,
or enlightenment pillar.
What if that's our spinal cord system?
What if the two tablets that sit up on top of it,
what if that's the two hemispheres of our brain?
Our body's the accelerator itself.
It would seem more that that's --
That seems to me more to be the reality
the more we understand and we each put
pieces of the picture together.
That makes more sense.
Yeah, so you can imagine my shock when I go to Abydos,
into the Osiris sanctuary, and see the tower
for the first time, the Osiris pillar or Osiris tower.
Then on the opposite wall, lo and behold,
there's Sety in the pillar, in the tower.
He's become it.
Exactly what your intuition was telling you.
Exactly what my intuition was telling me.
It was like, "Wow, okay, that's powerful.
"I've really got to --"
I just kept on it and kept on it.
It was a couple years later that I finally realized
what we're talking about here is that
this is a teleportation machine,
and this is a dematerialization and then
a re-materialization at another place.
That's what we're talking about here.
Now, again, speaking from
the humanistic, intuitive level,
hundreds of thousands of people a year buy tickets
to take tours in Egypt.
Without understanding why, humanity is feeling a draw
toward Egypt, and other places, but let's stick with this,
because this is a really pronounced one, and the pyramids.
There's something deeply intriguing to us.
What are you beginning to discover?
Well, first of all?
In terms of that relationship.
When I'm in Egypt and I look at the pyramids,
I think, "That's the real world."
This, this hotel, this room,
this won't be here 50 years from now.
This is all totally transient.
We have some people watching a football game.
That'll be over with in minutes. (laughs)
Right, exactly.
You look at the pyramids, what 50,000 years old?
I mean, where do you want to go?
John Anthony West says it could be 35,000 plus.
I think 35,000 plus.
You go to Egypt, you get a clear look.
This is 2500 B.C.
This is 1500 B.C.
Then you work your way up to Giza
and you look at that, and you're like,
that's 35,000 to 50,000 easy, easy, easy.
That's part of what the allure is, I think,
is you know that's the real world
and that's what you want to connect with, for one thing.
Then the other is, Egypt just calls you too.
Egypt works you.
When I'm taking people to Egypt,
I'm a servant of Egypt.
I'm just helping to bring people there
and Egypt does the rest.
I do my lectures, I do my workshops, and all that,
but that's kind of like the famous pea spitter in the wind.
It's just nothing compared to what Egypt is capable of,
the intelligence that's there.
Everybody's journey is personal.
It is.
They're all going there for their own reasons,
and oftentimes, maybe a connection to some past knowledge
that's stored within the human vehicle once again.
It happens all the time.
Happens all the time.
You'll be walking through the temple.
All of the sudden you'll hear this, "Whoa!"
It's happened to me.
I've been walking along, all the sudden looked down,
and I've got four feet. (laughing)
Don't try to explain that one.
Yeah, why do I have these big red feet?
(laughing)
So, is it fair to assume that there's something
of a multidimensional nature, or certainly
beyond the time-space loop, within us
that's connecting to that, but very specifically
going back to the work that you were doing,
the lecture this morning, the work you're doing right now.
What is it that humanity is moving toward?
Why now?
Why are people like you putting
all of these pieces together?
What's coming up for us in your field of vision?
Well, it could just be a completion of
the 26,000-year cosmic cycle.
Now is the time for this knowledge to be brought forth.
A certain segment of the people will latch onto it,
might move forward into another realm.
I think that's very possible.
I'm also kind of, we'll call it alarmed.
We're here in Silicon Valley right now.
Bill Gates holds the patent on the human body
as an electrical device.
I know they've got plans to take my laptop computer,
my iPhone, take it out of my hand and put it into my hand.
In fact, they want to put it in my tooth,
as a matter of fact.
Right, we don't need that.
I don't think we need any of that.
There's a real race, I think, that some of us
feel compelled to engage in right now
to gather as much of this spiritual knowledge as possible,
because my concern is is that once we become
Borgs in that way, I'm not sure we're going to be
able to work the transfiguration
like we did in the ancient world,
and up until this time.
I've very concerned about that.
I think, in a way, it's further imprisonment,
and I think we're going to
have to be very careful about that.
Let's talk about that.
Do you feel that that is by design?
Whose design?
It is be design, there's no question about it,
but who's the designer?
The ultimate creator of the universe?
I don't think so.
I think there's some intermediary force in there.
I'm not sure if it's the grays.
I'm not sure if it's some government entity.
I'm not sure who it is, but it's clearly by design
that they want to see us become one with the computer.
That's the trend.
They're taking the genetic technology,
they're taking the nanotechnology,
they're taking our neuroscience,
and they're taking, ultimately, our --
Well, we've got genes, computer bits,
neurons, and atoms, and nanotechnology
putting it all into one technology
and putting it in our skin.
That's, you know, not good.
No, it's not good.
At the same time, you have this incredible awakening.
You see it.
Obviously, we have the luxury of going to
conferences like this there where there are
a lot of like-minded people.
A relatively small percentage of the population, however.
How do you take this highly esoteric knowledge,
such as what you're able to bring forward in Egypt,
and make it somehow known as an imperative for,
if you want to get dramatic about it,
our sovereignty, our human, mental,
emotional, plasmic sovereignty?
Right, that's what's at stake, without a doubt.
How do we translate this?
What is this headed toward?
What can we do?
Well, I don't know.
I've had this conversation several times this weekend.
People coming up and saying, "What is it that's in me
"that compels me to want to seek this knowledge?"
I have friends and family that could care less about this,
but there's something that's going off in me
that's making me have to do this right now.
They call it the factor.
Some people have the factor, and others,
it's maybe not for them at this time.
I just kind of rely on that,
that the people that want to move in this direction,
that are feeling compelled, that have the factor,
are going to more and more cluster,
are going to need to communicate,
are going to be able to cooperate with one another
to move forward.
Ultimately, it's for our own good as a species
because the rest are just going to kind of, I feel like,
go like lemmings right off the cliff.
Yeah.
As I speak to people, everyone's giving their
kind of rendition of this awakening.
We're looking at this whole date, 2012.
It's a date.
It's actually a cycle.
I know.
It's a period of time.
We're saying 2012 very loosely.
In other words, the period of time we're in.
I'm beginning to think, and today really struck me
listening to you, that we're actually
starting to contemplate, individually and collectively,
learning how to use these ancient technologies again
in our physical realities.
Many people talk about this period of 2012,
ascension, moving form the third, to the fourth,
to the fifth dimensional fields and so forth.
Do you think that this is a vehicle,
this information you're discovering may be one
of the vehicles to be able to move this direction?
Oh, absolutely.
Today in my workshop, I cited the conversation,
which I always love to do, between --
Do share it because I wasn't there.
I want to hear it.
It's a conversation between Steve Kroft and Bob Stanek.
Steve Kroft, of course, of 60 minutes.
He got all alarmed when CERN was getting ready
to be fired up last year, the particle accelerator there,
creating the baby big bangs.
Fear was it going to create a black hole that's going to
swallow Geneva and eat the earth,
all that kind of stuff.
Steve Kroft goes over to CERN, sits down with Bob Stanek,
a physicist from Fermilab in Chicago, or Batavia.
Starts talking with him, saying, Steve Kroft's like,
"What are you doing?
"Why are you guys creating these baby big bangs
"and trying to recreate the conditions that existed
"just after the big bang, and essentially
"putting us all in jeopardy here?"
Stanek's response is, he says, "Well, let me ask you this.
"Just 30 years ago we learned about photons,
"and we learned how to put them through
"a television camera, and beam them into
"mom and pop's living room, and that was really great."
He says, "Imagine 10, 20 years from now tops,
"that we'll not be able to take photons,
"but we'll be able to take you and me
"and put us in mom and pop's living room.
"You tell me, is this worth it?"
Steve Kroft is incredulous.
He's saying, "You're talking about teleporting people?"
Stanek says, "Yeah."
Kroft is like, "You really think you're
"going to be able to do that?"
Stanek's like, "Well, maybe I've said too much,
"but the cat's already out of the bag."
This is exactly where we're going with this.
That's the next big breakthrough.
The internet was one thing, but now they're talking
about literally teleportation within 10 years.
Yes, and I've heard very similar things
over the last 20 years, leading up to this period of time
that we would be approaching right about now
the period of time in which this would be possible.
Some say, and again, some of the hidden technologies,
some of the branches of military and such
that we're not supposed to know about,
that this has already been accomplished.
That's the take, that if they're talking about it
in the open literature on 60 minutes,
that means we've had it for the past
at least 30 years or so.
It makes me wonder if we really do have that,
but just imagine how dramatically
that will change everything.
Again, there's no spiritual component whatsoever
to any of this.
That's what I was just starting to say.
That's just pure technology, without any kind of override
for, necessarily, the betterment of our own
evolution as a species and so forth.
What if you take that technology,
and say the body is the vehicle,
and you're using consciousness with it,
what are you perceiving then as the higher agenda?
The higher agenda, well, is just the awakening
that we are these inter-dimensional beings,
and that we have, in fact, personal control of our bodies
and we don't need to let a government,
or a military, or a church come in and control
and tell us what our body is really capable of doing.
Once we recognize that, literally, the stars are the limit
at that point.
Okay, so let's say everybody
that's listening to this now is already on board.
You're talking with a lot of people all the time.
What's kind of the scuttle butt that you see
as to some of the intended obstacles
that will occur as we're trying to do this?
Well, the first one is, "This is ridiculous.
"You can't do this."
So mental is first, debunk it.
Yeah, yeah, it's total mental.
Then we've got to overcome the idea that
the physical body is somehow dirty,
or the Christian term is sinful and all of that.
That's emotional and physical.
We've got all of that working against us.
Then, but what we really need are the targets
that show us that this is actually how this can happen.
I always refer people to a cartoon I saw once
of a cocoon, or a butterfly, excuse me,
a cocoon looking up at the butterfly, saying,
"You'll never get me up in one of those things."
(Regina laughing)
That's where we're at.
We don't have that butterfly to show us
that this is where this is going.
A lot of people recognize we're in a tremendous
time of change and metamorphosis.
Some are willing to go the bluetooth route,
and turn themselves into Borgs.
That's one form of metamorphosis, for sure,
but then others are saying, "No, I want to pull away
"from that and I know I've got to develop
"myself from within, but how do I do this?
"Where do I go and where do I look?"
That's what I've tried to do in my presentations
like Morph, is to show throughout the ages,
there are these various images of beings
who have achieved this transcendent form,
this higher metamorphosis, and that's where
we want to put our time, energy, and emotion.
Let's talk about that,
a little historical context to that,
because as you say, this notion of moving back
towards star status or light status as beings
has been around for many thousands of years,
even documented.
The story of Gilgamesh, let's talk about that.
Yeah, one of my favorites.
The oldest human story.
The story of a king who's told by a goddess
that he's 2/3 divine and 1/3 human.
That's his predicament.
She's saying, "Look, if you want to join the gods,
"if you want to literally go through the gate of the gods,
"you're going to have to clean up your act."
The way I interpret it is he needs to become 360.
I like that because 360 is the symbol of the circle,
it's the ring, it's the symbol of wholeness and completion.
That's what we're all trying to get ahold of,
is that sense of holiness, and wholeness, and completion
to become 360 and literally get that ring
of cosmic sovereignty that all the gods have.
It literally is, seems to be the ring or vibration
is the key element that we're all missing.
We're all not playing with a full deck.
None of our elevators go to the top.
We've all got this candle for the body
with the pineal gland as the wick,
but none of our candles are lit.
That's the essential predicament, so that's what
we're all trying to learn how to do right now.
As more and more embrace this knowledge,
it's going to make it more and more possible
for the rest of us to learn how to do it.
That's a good point you bring up.
I've come into contact with a couple of different people.
One of them is Sai Maa, and Sai Maa has something called
the Brain Illumination DVD.
I found it very profound and impactful,
because again, we seem to have a lot of different
work in terms of human sovereignty
coming back to these master glands,
and the understanding of what these master glands are.
Just to share with you a wee little story
of a friend who's highly intuitive, had a dream one night,
and was shown in this vision that when you look through,
is it the queen's chamber?
The one that goes on the equinox.
it goes through and it shows --
No, no, it's the temple that was moved
because of the flooding.
That'd be Philae, the Isis temple at Philae.
Where you can see the images of the three kings
up on the, it's either the solstice or equinox,
I've forgotten which one now.
But in any event, she was shown that those three kings
were the three master glands.
Oh, wow.
It was the light coming in
and hitting the glands that was the beginning,
that was what we needed to recall
in terms of our own awakening.
Now, this gets into the Egyptians.
This gets into sun.
This gets into sun-gazing and so forth.
Right.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
What do you see as that connection,
you mentioned the pineal gland, in terms of our
being able to move away from Borg status
and go the other direction.
What do you see as some kind of hands-on
from your point of view?
Well, get to know your dome.
Get to know your inner dome.
That's kind of the work I've been doing lately.
My book, "Freedom's Gate," co-authored with
Dr. Mark Gray, who's a chiropractor up in Philadelphia.
We decoded the dome of the U.S. Capitol.
I want to talk to you about that too,
before we finish today.
Yeah, and this kind of is the segue in a way,
because when you go into the dome of the Capitol,
and by the way, dome is slang for the head,
so recognize that the dome of the U.S. Capitol
is, in fact, a symbol of the human head.
You go into the dome, and in the center of the rotunda
is this golden dot.
It's about 12 inches in diameter.
You look straight up and you see George Washingon
enthroned on a rainbow in a heavenly scene
in front of a sun gate.
The message is, okay, you're in the dome.
You're in the human head.
I wonder what that golden dot in the center
of the rotunda could be?
Obviously, it's the pineal gland.
What these master masons did is they created
this analog of the human head in saying,
"Okay, walk in this dome, stand on that dot,
"and look up, and tune yourself in to the sun."
You're literally looking up at an ascended being,
George Washington, on the rainbow
just the way Jesus is portrayed as a resurrected being
enthroned on the rainbow, and the way that Tibetans
who have achieved the great perfection or rainbow body.
Same thing, exact same thing.
What they're saying is is that the way to achieve
true freedom and liberty is through your dome,
through the head.
Get to know those glands.
Know what's going on in there,
and then work the alchemy.
The alchemy comes in that there's five deities
that surround Washington, five gods.
Those gods are Athena, goddess of wisdom,
Poseidon, king of Atlantis, king of the waters,
Mercury, god of divine travelers and divine magic.
It's also Vulcan, god of smith-craft and alchemy,
and Sirius, the goddess of earth.
That's earth, air, fire, water, and spacetime, or ether.
Those are the five elements, and that's what
our body is composed of.
They knew that in order to achieve true freedom
and true liberty, sovereignty, we've got to
enter into the temple of celestial liberty,
which is what they originally called the U.S. Capitol,
and go inside our head, and learn to make this work.
That sounds really good, but most people think,
"How do I go inside my head and begin to make that work?"
Yeah, right.
Actually, I have to say,
that DVD by Sai Maa's group, HumanityInUnity.org
I think is the name of it.
That actually is highly instructive.
It's very, very clear.
Yep, there you go.
There's one way.
That's a little tool people can use to begin,
because again, we have been put into a dissonance,
the way our brains are functioning now.
Right, yep.
We've been disconnected from nature.
We're disconnected from sun.
We're disconnected from our own thoughts.
We don't even know which thoughts are ours
and aren't ours, and are passing through
from digital effects, and radio frequencies, and so forth.
That reclaiming of the sovereignty of the mind
is going to be, that's our next big challenge, isn't it?
Yeah, the slogan that I have,
I put it on t-shirts for the book,
is "Own the Dome."
Own the dome. (laughing)
The message from the book is own your own dome,
own your own thoughts, but also, we've got to
get the dome back.
Dick Durbin, senator from Illinois said
the bankers own the place.
We've got to take back that dome.
This really feeds into a lot of levels
because we're looking at fear.
Fear controls the dome faster than anything.
If you can keep people in fear of either
aging, dying, losing their money,
friends, security, and so forth,
the dome isn't yours anymore.
Right, exactly.
We have to take it back, even if we're under
what would be considered more challenging situations.
Sure, absolutely.
I'm glad there are people like Sai Maa out there
that are doing this work, because I consider myself
sort of a person who's pointing people towards the door.
There are people like her and others that are
better qualified to take people through the door.
But you're discovering that the doors
have been there all along, that's what's interesting
in your work is because you can take the spiritual
implications of it and overlay it with your discoveries
archeologically, and then taking it into, as I say,
the study of astrophysics and so forth.
You have a really beautiful mind for
connecting the dots, as it were.
Thank you.
It's fun.
It is fun, that's why I love chatting with you.
Would you mind giving us a little more information
on "Freedom's Gate" and some of the other
discoveries in this book?
This is fascinating.
Yeah, the book is "Freedom's Gate,
"The Lost Symbols in the U.S. Capitol,"
co-authored with Dr. Mark Gray.
Again, he's a chiropractor in Philadelphia
who started coming out to my presentations a few years ago
and ordered my books, and next thing you know,
we're working on this together.
What we did for the first time is really look
at the symbolism, not only in the Capitol,
but also of George Washington here.
Yeah, what was up with George Washington?
Well, the thing is is that he was kind of
a reluctant Christ in a way.
During his life, he was revered as this great man.
Immediately after his death, the deification process
began the day he died, literally.
They literally tried to bring him back from the dead.
William Thornton was the doctor who they had
taken a bunch of blood out of him,
and he died of a cold of course,
and blood-letting was one of their cures.
They brought some lambs blood in
and thought they could just pump the lamb's blood
back in him and bring him back to life.
It sounds crazy to us, but immediately after that
you start seeing these images.
This is a favorite on here, look at this,
of Washington being taken through the sun gate by angels.
Oh yes, yes.
He is, he's a deity.
He is a deity, and then same thing here
where angels are taking him up through the portal.
People are like, "Well, Washington wasn't thought of
"as a deity."
Well, not in our time, not in the history books
that we've been reading in the 20th Century.
Yes, this is a whole different
depiction of Washington.
Right.
What have you learned about him
and in terms of the day, what was understood
about him of the day?
Well, that he was literally this --
The analogy that I make is that
Washington was sort of the contemporary Alexander the Great.
Alexander was deified in his time.
He was apotheosized, which means to make a deity.
I think that's exactly how they viewed Washington, is
he was another Alexander.
He was also considered by the freemasons
a highly attuned spiritual being.
There was this process that Jesus underwent as well,
the historical Jesus leaves and here comes
the religious version of Jesus.
This is what's happened with Washington,
is that we've watched over the past couple hundred years
that he has slowly but surely been deified.
It's an intentional process, until you finally find him
in the dome of the U.S. Capitol, sitting on a rainbow,
surrounded by heavenly beings,
as literally an American Christ.
That's the message that we find.
You're finding the same kind of geometry
throughout the book as well that you would find
in a lot of sacred sites around the world.
That's exactly right and that's one of the things.
We, through the process of researching this,
made half a dozen trips up to the Capitol
and talked with Dr. Barbara Wolanin,
who's the curator of the Capitol.
She's like, "This is all new.
"We've never seen any of this before."
Until it finally culminates where we show
the actual sacred geometry that is in that dome,
where all of the elements are portrayed.
You've got the pentacle.
You've got the whole story, until the ultimate reveal
that we find here, the ultimate geometry that's in here
is actually Metatron's Cube.
Oh my gosh, yes, look at that.
Yeah, Metatron, of course, was Enoch
in the pre-flood world, maybe even the Atlantian world.
He's a guy that accumulated all this sacred lore,
gets the attention of the heavenly beings,
they bring him up to heaven and give him a job.
They said, "Look, you've accumulated all this lore.
"We're going to interview you, see if your going to be
"good enough to go work up on this level."
Turns out he is.
At first, he's a janitor.
He cleans up around the throne of God.
Does that for a while, then he becomes a guide, literally,
between the earthly and heavenly worlds.
When Fibonacci, who discovered the Metatron's Cube,
discovered it, he thought of it literally
as a gateway to heaven.
Maybe that's why that geometry is there,
because literally the dome of the capital
is that gateway.
The dome is our head, and what we need to learn to do
is alter our consciousness, become aware
of these other dimensions, parallel realities,
and then tune ourselves into those worlds.
Then what we've got to do, ultimately, then,
I believe, is open up the pineal gland,
allow it to release the secretions that contain
the further secrets that being to transmute our bodies,
and that's as far as we need to go in this realm.
I think a lot of people are close to that.
Is that why you called it "Freedom's Gate"?
We called it "Freedom's Gate" because it is
the gateway to freedom, but also because
the goddess freedom tops the dome of the Capitol.
Okay, so that last bit you said,
I think that's kind of the crux of it, isn't it?
Yeah.
You feel a lot of people really are approaching
this level right now?
Yeah.
That's why people are so compelled to absorb
as much of this legend and lore as possible,
because the ancients were clear in the stories
of the prophets, like Enoch, and Elijah, and others,
that the reason they did all this research
is they had hoped to attract the attention
of these higher beings who would literally interview them.
Which means go into their consciousness,
take a look around, "Hey, how's things going?
"What are you thinking about?
"Do you know what a star gate is?
"Do you know what a wormhole is?
"Are you familiar with the process of ascension?"
If so, that's the graduation from earth life right there.
That's all we need to know right there.
Then there are beings, guides, the ancients assure us
that are prepared to help us to get through that gateway.
That's what it's all about.
You're an optimist.
Oh yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely, but I'm also one of those that's feeling
very compelled right now to spend as much time as I can
accumulating as much of this knowledge as possible.
Exactly.
Because I know it can --
They're talking about a kill switch
for the internet, right now.
Giving the president the kill switch to the internet.
Maybe there's a kill switch for human consciousness
we don't know about yet.
Who knows if they dropped something like that
but it's possible.
For yourself, what are you focusing on?
Individually, as you say, gathering as much information,
but functionally speaking, to fire this puppy up
(laughing)
and utilize it, as it were, what are you doing?
Well, you know, that's my next project actually.
I have a good friend that's a postal worker,
a clerk at my post office, and I go in there every day
and we talk about this.
I came in one day with my DVD, a new DVD,
"The Light Body Effect," and he said, "Is that a diet?"
(Regina laughing)
I said, "No, it's about the light body and transfiguration."
I got to thinking, "Yeah, it is really kind of
"a good idea for a diet."
What I'm working on now is 360 keys
for becoming more whole, holy, and complete,
and assembling those.
What started happening is that,
I had various life coaches and physical trainers
that tell me, for example,
one woman in the valley of southern California,
that she has a boot camp.
Brings people into her home, they spend a week with her,
she amps them up.
Gives them all the tools and techniques they need.
While they're on the exercise bike,
she's got them watching my DVDs.
She said, "I just want people to see these images
"of the light body, because it really feeds their spirit."
What a great way to do it.
I know it.
Because they're mind is in
a completely different state because the body is moving.
Interesting, it becomes a meditation.
Right, and then she started talking about
the diet that they use, and how feeding the photons
through your diet actually helps to build the light body.
I'm finding I've got half a dozen people that are out there,
professionals, that are using my DVDs
in their practices in various ways.
I'm starting to accumulate all the ways
that they're using it.
I'm going to put all that together in a book
or DVD project, that's what I'm working on right now.
Well, when will it be done?
Spring.
Spring, okay.
Spring of 2010.
Okay, so we're only a few months away.
I can't wait to see it.
I know who I want to talk with about diet too.
Okay. (laughing)
Hit you up for some recipes.
There you go.
I'll help you out with those photon-oriented recipes.
Right. (laughing)
Well, William, it's been an absolute pleasure
speaking with you again.
Likewise, thank you.
Then hopefully we'll catch up with you
in another six months, once the book's out
in the springtime.
You've got it.
And keep on this.
I think it's really important.
So many people, I agree with you, are so close.
We can feel something's different.
We can feel that brass ring, like we could grab it --
The golden ring. (laughing)
Golden ring.
We can grab that golden ring, we're just so close.
It's just these little defining moments of awareness.
That's right.
We just have to keep talking.
You got it, look forward to it.
Thank you.
To delve further into William's work
on "Freedom's Gate," you can hear that
on September's Regina's Cantina,
where we go into great depth in my radio show.
Meanwhile, you can also check into William's work
by following his website, WilliamHenry.net.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(gentle electronic music playing)